# Finnish-27-903docs
Contains text files saved by the BIGS903 software application. 

The BIGS903 software application enables the user to input a user-defined subset of game rules. The user-defined subset of game rules specifies the composition of each deck, and the number of decks in the stack. If each deck includes at least one joker, then the user-defined subset of game rules includes a rule selected by the user from a group of two rules wherein: The first of the group of two rules is each and every joker has a value of zero points. The second of the group of two rules is each and every joker has a value of any number of points required to make a hand total of twenty-seven points. Given the user-defined subset of game rules, the BIGS903 software application builds a set of databases of player-finish probabilities. The BIGS903 software application saves the set of databases and data about the user-defined subset of game rules to a set of data files. 

A strategy for the player's use of the hit option specifies a set of target-numerical sums consisting of a target-numerical sum for the play of the player's soft hands and a target-numerical sum for the play of the player's hard hands. To use any given strategy for the player's use of the hit option to make decisions on how to play the player's hand, the player does the following. If the player's hand total is less than the target-numerical sum specified for the type of hand the player has, then the player hits. If the player's hand total is at least equal to the target-numerical sum specified for the type of hand the player has, then the player stands.  

The BIGS collection of software applications supports eighty-one strategies for the player's use of the hit option. Each of the eighty-one-supported strategies for the player's use of the hit option does specify one of the following eighty-one sets of target-numerical sums.

15/A5, 15/A6, 15/A7, 15/A8, 15/A9, 15/AT, 15/AJ, 15/AQ, 15/AK, 16/A5, 16/A6, 16/A7, 16/A8, 16/A9, 16/AT, 16/AJ, 16/AQ, 16/AK, 17/A5, 17/A6, 17/A7, 17/A8, 17/A9, 17/AT, 17/AJ, 17/AQ, 17/AK, 18/A5, 18/A6, 18/A7, 18/A8, 18/A9, 18/AT, 18/AJ, 18/AQ, 18/AK, 19/A5, 19/A6, 19/A7, 19/A8, 19/A9, 19/AT, 19/AJ, 19/AQ, 19/AK, 20/A6, 20/A7, 20/A8, 20/A9, 20/AT, 20/AJ, 20/AQ, 20/AK, 21/A7, 21/A8, 21/A9, 21/AT, 21/AJ, 21/AQ, 21/AK, 22/A8, 22/A9, 22/AT, 22/AJ, 22/AQ, 22/AK, 23/A9, 23/AT, 23/AJ, 23/AQ, 23/AK, 24/AT, 24/AJ, 24/AQ, 24/AK, 25/AJ, 25/AQ, 25/AK, 26/AQ, 26/AK,
and 27/AK.

The number of strategies evaluated varies in accordance with the player's initial-hand total as follows. If it is possible for the player to form a soft hand with a soft total that is less than the target-numerical sum for the play of the player's soft hands specified by a given strategy, then that given strategy is evaluated. If a given strategy is evaluated, then that given strategy is described below as one of a set of strategies for the player's use of the hit option that has at least a chance of being optimal. 

A player-finish probability is the probability that the player's complete hand will have a particular hand total given a strategy for the player's use of the hit option that has at least a chance of being optimal, and given all combinations of card ranks that are possible for a set of hands consisting of the player's complete hand and the dealer's initial hand. A subset of player-finish-probabilities consists of a player-finish probability for each of a set of hand totals that are possible for the player's complete hand. A set of player-finish probabilities consists of a subset of player-finish probabilities for each of a set of strategies for the player's use of the hit option that have at least a chance of being optimal. A database of player finish probabilities consists of the set of player-finish probabilities for each of the combinations of card ranks that could be the combination of card ranks assigned to the cards removed from the stack and dealt face up to form a set of hands consisting of the player's initial hand and the dealer's initial hand. 

The two types of player's initial hand are a player's primary-initial hand and a player's post-split-initial hand. Both types of player's initial hand consist of two cards. 

The set of databases of player-finish probabilities consists of three databases. The first database is built for the set of hands consisting of the player's primary-initial hand and the dealer's initial hand. The second and third databases are built for the set of hands consisting of the player's post-split-initial hand and the dealer's initial hand.

